# Data types:

monkey: {
    _id: string, // auto-generated by server
    name: string,
    gender: string,
    species: string
}

banana: {
    _id: string, // auto-generated by server
    color: string, // 'green' or 'yellow',
    isSweet: boolean,
    owner: string // _id of the monkey owning this banana
}

# GET routes:

## GET /api/monkey
 - returns all monkeys in JSON array

## GET /api/monkey/:_id
 - returns a monkey by :id encoded in request URL in JSON

## GET /api/banana
 - returns all bananas in JSON array

## GET /api/banana/:_id
 - returns a banana by :id encoded in request URL in JSON


# PUT routes:

## PUT /api/monkey
 - creates a new monkey from data arriving in req.body as JSON. id generated by server. Returns the created monkey in JSON with generated id.

## PUT /api/banana
 - creates a new banana from data arriving in req.body as JSON. id generated by server. Returns the created banana in JSON with generated id.


# PATCH routes

## PATCH /api/monkey/:id
 - updates data of the monkey specified by :id. Any properties of the monkey can be modified except the :id. Returns the updated monkey in JSON.

## PATCH /api/banana/:id
 - updates data of the banana specified by :id. Any properties of the banana can be modified except the :id. Returns the updated banana.


# DELETE routes

## DELETE /api/monkey/:id
 - deletes the monkey specified by :_id. Deletes the owner from the properties of the banana owned by the deleted monkey. Returns the deleted monkey in JSON.

## DELETE /api/monkey/:id_to_delete/:id_to_assaign
 - deletes the monkey specified by :id_to_delete. Updates the owner to :id_to_assaign in the properties of the banana owned by the deleted monkey. Returns the deleted monkey and the updated banana in JSON.

## DELETE /api/banana/:id
 - deletes the banana specified by :_id. Returns the deleted banana in JSON.

# POST routes

## POST /api/banana/:banana_id/:monkey_id
 - updates the bananas owner to the specified monkey. Returns the updated banana in JSON.